The Blockchain has the potential to
revolutionize industries like finance, government and medicine.
It's even reimagining the way we think about personal identity and security.
This field is developing incredibly fast.
There are so many opportunities for you to get involved with.
You'll be able to build tools that change or create
entirely new industries in ways no one has even thought of yet.
Welcome to Blockchain developer Nano Degree Program.
Congratulations on starting your journey to become a Blockchain developer.
Throughout the program will discuss important topics like identity,
data storage, web services and smart contracts.
You'll learn to apply these skills in the real world whether for
a new career to contribute to a project or to
build your very own world-changing application.
So let's take a look at the journey ahead.
Your experience starts here in the classroom,
this is where you'll go through video content
and get hands on practice with our projects.
Each project is focused on developing a specific set of
skills that you'll need to be successful as a Blockchain developer.
You'll learn core block chain concepts and use industry
leading platforms like Bitcoin and it Ethereum.
We're here to support you along the way,
as you build your own unique portfolio to show
future employers or even your family and friends.
You'll also find community and career support.
Our goal is to give you a deeper understanding of
the background and tools needed to be successful in this space.
So welcome again to the Blockchain Developer Nano-Degree Program.
We're so excited to have you here and can't wait to get started.